Mm
mm. Mm.
Ok.
So as you guys know
is
o is too small. Well, the building is too small for our group.
So we're moving to a new building.
Uh it's gonna be the building across the
street and we're actually moving in three weeks.
But
the problem is that the administration wants to know who's going to be in what office
in the new building and where we're gon we're gonna put things like
the printer, the fax machine,
all the big equip ment
and the catch is that they have the final approval of where we put people in equip ment
and they want to know where we're going to do all of this by November 2nd.
So that means basically
next Tuesday.
And since we don't really have any other time, we have to make these decisions today,
what we're getting is nine rooms for a maximum of 18 people,
which is okay cause there's only 15 of us
and all the rooms have windows luckily.
So there's no fights about who gets a window and who doesn't.
Um there's two views either of the old town or the
mountains and the rooms of various sizes there's 23 people rooms,
52 person rooms, which a re on the corners of the building.
So you actually get windows on two walls
and 21 person rooms.
That's pretty much what the building looks like.
Um, and then you have the number of people per room,
the courtyard, because we're on the sixth floor, you can actually go out to it,
but just means that the windows look out onto open space.
Um You can see the bathrooms, the elevators, a
re sort of further down the hall,
the purple bar, a t the bottom
sort of on the right is the mail boxes,
all of the windows open.
You can get out onto the terrace just like we can in our normal building.
And the equipment that we have to put somewhere a re like I said, the photocopier,
which is really big, a fax machine which is not so big
and the printer, which is
relatively big.
Each office has a white board, a bulletin board and a coat rack,
no cupboards like we have in the current offices
and each person gets their own chair, their own corner desk.
So like the, the ones that we have now,
um, a small filing cabinet with three drawers and by small, I mean,
they're about that tall
and one sort of hanging shelf.
So we don't get the bookcases like we have now,
but just one shelf that's attached to the wall
and the people that we have to place.
Uh you can see the list there
along with
their position and the project that they work on.
And I guess the question, the first question is how we want to organise people,
whether we want to do it
by rank or by project or,
I don't know, put all the phd students together, all the professors together,
that sort of thing.
So the idea is that we come up with a plan,
there's another group
who's gonna be working on the same plan later this week.
And then
Andre and I have to do presentations
for the university administrators
on the second.
So
I have to come up with a plan possibly if we have time, a presentation, a
quick presentation with arguments for why we think our plan works best.
OK.
All right.
So
anyone have any ideas or
I guess,
uh do we know if there will be a lot of people coming across the hole
in terms of security stuff if we can?
-- I mean, my idea is to put the photocopier and the fax in the hole.
-- Yeah. Um
I think it's, the security is sort of the sa me as it is in the current building.
So as long as the things a re physically attached to the wall so they can't be removed,
then it should be OK to leave them in the hall.
It's just a question of whether you're printing sensitive documents or
whatever.
So we only get one printer for 15 people.
Um, well, we get one sort of networked printer
and then I think some of us have personal printers.
I think Susan has a personal printer.
Gisella
has one. Maybe
I
can't remember who else.
Yeah. But no one else gets their own printer
in terms of equip ment. It's sort of the sa me thing as we have now.
Um,
so what I'd propose is that we sort
of discuss various concepts without getting into specifics
and then go off and think about it over lunch and then come back later in the day
with sort of more specific proposals as to exactly
where to put people.
Does that work?
Oh, and on the map, the little
half
circular, well, quarter circles or doors,
which I'm assuming you figured out. But just in case
and there's just the one room that actually has two doors going into it. The,
the three person room on the right. Yeah.
And do we need a room? Like a reading room?
Yes. Yeah. A lot of people were saying that
they wanted to have a reading room
so
we should leave a space for that
and we can't because like I said,
maximum 18 people in those rooms and there's only 15 of us
and I don't know if you noticed, but two of usa
re only
here half the time.
So Martin and David,
um a re half the time A T the EPFL and half the time in Geneva.
So,
I sort of keep that in mind,
I guess when
you're doing the actual planning.
Mhm.
The first split we can do is between administration and
researcher.
Yeah, I know.
It's completely different work so
we can deal with administration and decide something for administration.
And then,
yeah,
but
Gisela is really the only
administrator, a t least deal with that particular situation
and then see
with the other because I was thinking uh
Gisela is quite, I mean,
Gil
Gisela s work is quite noisy because it's secretary.
So you get lots of phone call and stuff like that and she's always moving around.
So you won't share an office with
Gisela
unless you a re 50% and not the 50%
Gisela is working.
Yeah, which is another condition
-- which
-- I don't know if we can assume that
-- there isn't going to be any overlap between
-- them.
So I don't know, maybe we can decide that Jesus
is
having
one of the
-- one person room. Yeah.
-- Iw, I would suggest that too. Yeah,
maybe.
Yeah. Either that or
maybe put her in a two person room
with the equip ment or
like with the, the photocopier or maybe not the photocopier but the printer.
Yeah. But a t least the thing we know that
is gonna be alone
or with equip ment but
not with 100% staff,
staff worker.
Okay. So th it's a one person room but we don't know how, how big they a re, or
it's hard to tell. I mean,
Gisela has this funny, uh,
typing.
Yeah,
the rooms aren't tiny if you look at the,
so probably sh she should get the facts. Right.
Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense
to put the facts in there.
So,
and then I think the main
discussion we should have is,
um, if we want to make group of,
amongst the SA ME project or among the Sa Me
title.
Yeah.
Yeah. Professor assistant or uh
yeah,
couple of professors and assistant or, or yeah,
that's more a conceptual question
than a practical question.
Well, the third option is just completely mix everyone up
which some people say is better sort of for group environment so that
you're not stuck only with the people who working on your project,
right?
So if you share an office with someone who's on a completely different project,
you find out about that project,
but you also sort of interact with other people on a more regular basis.
But still I find it's quite easy if you
a re with people who work in the SA Me project in the SA Me
room because you have the meetings or people come and ask you discuss things,
maybe
I don't know if it's uh
for other people who start working in the SA Me project.
-- Yeah,
-- but we will have this reading room
which will it be dedicated for reading and
for studying or can we have meetings there?
Can we reserve it for meetings?
That I
think it's not a question of reserving it because
there's other rooms at the university that you can reserve for a meeting.
But if it's empty then sure you can use it for a meeting.
There's nothing wrong with that.
But I think if someone's already reading in there, it's not fair
to go and kick them out just because you want to have a meeting because,
well, the problem is if you have to go across the building and
it adds some overhead every time you want to have some
short
meeting and discuss some issues
-- or maybe we shouldn't call
-- it.
But if you're having a short meeting, you don't really
make an appointment for it. You just kind of
go to someone's office and go down for a coffee or whatever
cause they're still the cafeterias that you can use for informal.
The other thing we should take into account is if you receive student or not
because
yeah,
Marian and I interact a lot with student and
we have reception hours and stuff like that.
So it means
you get time where a lot of people come along and talk and
so it's the other Marianne does too.
Yeah. So maybe it's not really nice to have
to share an office with somebody like us
having a lot of social life and
well, but then you either share offices with each other
which doesn't really solve the problem because chances are you're not
going to have office hours at the exact same time.
So, you're still
going to have,
like, unless you get individual offices,
I don't know if there's an easy way to
find a solution for that
because even if each of you share with the professor, then
it's the same thing for the professor.
Yeah.
But it is something to keep in mind
unless you end up sharing an office with someone
where your schedules completely don't overlap and then you can
schedule office hours when the other person isn't there,
some people come in around 11 and some people come in around eight.
But that's something we can't
reasonably assume like that
make plans with that because
no, but you sort of see people's patterns. I mean,
even if it's not always like that, I mean, if it's like that, you know, 80% of the time
then,
but you're right, we can't
make assumptions too much.
So people would like to see, um,
the office organised by, uh, by, by rank like professors and students. And
I don't know,
I think,
well, it's up to us
how
we do it.
I can see benefits of both.
But
one point I can say by experience it's really hard
to share an office with three people because it makes
much more noise
than only being two in an office.
Yeah. Plus the computers,
-- the
-- computers.
-- So, and we all know what it's like to have five computers in your office.
-- Yeah.
So we might be,
it might be a good idea to first exclude one of the three person room
to be the reading room
and not to be necessary
a room with three people.
-- Yeah.
-- But if there a re people coming in, I mean,
we have these people working for two months
who comes in the summer time or something.
I th think we should reserve a little bit space for them too.
So um
yeah,
that's a good point because if we take the three person room out as a reading room,
it's quite, then
everyone has an office, right? Cause it's maximum 18.
So take away three spaces and you're down to your 15
and you're right. If we do have a stagger
or whoever comes in,
then we have nowhere.
Well, we can put them in the reading room but that kind of defeats the purpose.
So the other solution is to say, OK,
we use a three person room but only with two person each time
and leave a spare space
for.
But avoiding
having three person full time in the SA me room could be a good idea, I think
or again, find people who don't
work the SA me hours.
Yeah,
it doesn't completely solve the problem. But
so for the reading room, we will have a two person room.
Yeah, I
think
everybody agrees on that. One person will be too small. Anyways.
How about, how about this room?
The bottom? Yeah, a t the bottom in the middle
with,
due
to the mountains? Yeah,
-- it has three windows. So I think it's, uh,
-- 22. Well, which
w there's 32 person rooms,
the, the middle one
-- that
-- has two windows. Yeah,
it's, which is fine.
-- It's still a
-- big room. Big black stripe is the windows.
One between the big,
ok,
I should have explained that.
But what about the, the other one which has only one windows,
but in the courtyard it may be more quiet.
Yeah. But then you don't get a lot of light
for reading.
We have electricity. So
I hope. Really.
No, it's a question. I mean, it, it's quite noisy outside
with the streets and,
yeah, on the sixth floor. I don't know.
Yeah,
I know. I like the idea of looking out over.
-- So it's a relaxing
-- room. Well, I mean, that, that's the whole point. Right.
It's just somewhere to get out of your office and go and do something else for a while,
whether you're reading or just kind of
staring off into space.
You can look outside of the window if you have a quick meeting there.
So, what
about
one of the room in the
car?
So you have three windows. It's even better.
-- Yeah, we could do that. Why
-- not?
But you have less wool to put shelves and
stuff like that
if you intend the reading room, being more a
library or
we have some
shelves, like cabinet type shelves for the reading room,
but it's not really intended to be a library. I mean, we have
an T library
but
the other idea is to take because right now we all have bookshelves.
So one idea might be to take sort of
the books that aren't frequently used by people, put them all into that room.
So it becomes sort of
mini library but not like a library system library, just
go and borrow your colleagues books.
So we all agree about this too.
This in rooms.
Which one?
I?
No or not?
No,
-- I think the middle
-- one,
-- the middle
-- one. Yeah. Yeah,
it's also sort of m central
to the layout so everyone sort of has more or less the sa me distance to
it's not that it makes that much of a difference but
why not?
So we can exclude this one to make an office.
So what I can do is
or maybe right on the board. I dunno.
Um
actually that's a good idea.
Just put it up.
So we have the map and
so
this really isn't to scale but
oh well
um
that's really not to scale.
Alright,
-- good
-- enough.
Um so we've got
an office there,
there's
two and 13. Yeah.
Is that?
Yeah. Yeah. Oh
-- so ok,
-- so this is
that and this becomes the reading room, right?
Ok.
Is that
a?
Yes. Okay.
And then,
yeah, should we decide also the administration stuff?
And
-- so we exclude the, the thing we a re quite sure. And then we discuss
-- there,
I was thinking of maybe we should assign
Gisela into this three person office
because
we, we will probably place the printer next to the mailboxes.
Then we could have
Gisela and the 2 50% people sharing the three
personal
that's really noisy to be in the sa me office
-- as the administration.
-- But if
-- Gisela works 50% and they work 50%.
-- Yeah.
That just imply you expect people to come when
Gisela is not working
and that's not really fair if you,
well, I mean, so we can put
Gisela in the two
people room
which is near the mailbox.
Yeah. Yeah,
-- we
-- could,
I don't know.
Ok,
we
could, I mean, I don't know how noisy she is.
It's
just
a,
you always have the phone ringing even if they have, even when she's
not
have her own printer.
Yeah.
But that's,
that's a good point from Nichols to say that she
needs to be near the mailbox and the printer.
And,
well, if you put her inin
the
room here,
-- it's relatively close
-- except the door is not really
-- convenient for
-- her. Convenient.
True.
Yeah. But I think if, if the main,
um,
how can I put that?
The, um,
if the main reason to put
to, to choose g, the
place is the
proximity of the mailbox.
It should be a two P people room and not a three people room.
Ok.
-- It's fine with me.
-- Otherwise we have one people room and
I don't know how much the proximity to the mailbox matters
because usually when she's here and she picks up the mail,
she actually brings it to your office.
It's more the A T administration that
-- uses our
-- mailbox and
the place where we all pass. Kind of.
That's true
because if we put the photography near the mailbox and
it seems to be the only place where there is room for that.
Yeah, unless you put it into an office which is just an annoying,
I think cause even if you put it into
Giselle's office, it's gonna be,
it's
too
big
and
yeah.
Okay. Maybe we should write this down.
Do we agree that the,
that the photocopier and the network printer goes next to the mailboxes?
Okay.
And then we can
for the moment put
Gisela in this corner room
if you agree.
I dunno
-- A t the beginning, we said that we were gonna give her one of the one person
-- rooms.
Yeah,
but there were this option of putting the
line near the photography.
Yeah,
I mean she's sharing an office right now and uh
has anybody heard of any complaints that she's too loud or
I mean she's
not
sharing an office. I mean sh we put some
ining
-- office because there is a spare
-- room and
they're not really in a position to complain.
That's quite, uh,
I mean, that's quite important to keep a spare room
in
G's Office
if we need more stuff. But
I wouldn't work in this
office.
I
think it's just a question of work conditions. Like if you're
stagger
and you're c only coming in for two months,
then you can put up with it. But if you're there, you know, for exa M
the whole
year
for EXA
MP.
And there is no room in the cupboards for any people except
Gisela
because you got lots of papers
and files and stuff like that.
So it's really, she needs,
-- she needs space, space,
-- okay.
But we can uh
reserve. So if you reserve a two people room, we can
put the trainees.
Yeah.
And
then they
-- need to be
-- a rein the sa me room.
Okay. So,
Gisela A T the South West office. Yeah.
Yeah. The
cor
it's
South West.
I don't know if this, if this map is,
well, South west, if that's north.
Okay.
The map
is
South
West for
us.
No.
Well, I'm assuming that's what you meant, right. That,
yeah, that,
that,
yeah,
that
South
East anyways
anyways
this office, right?
You know, because with mountain mountains and old
town it's not. No, sorry.
But
I'm very bad at orienting. Whereas North in Geneva, I always get it wrong.
But I just assumed Nicos was
talking with orientation here.
Sunrise and sunshine is quite
sunshine. Sunrise and sunset is quite a
good. Um,
so wait,
do
we face the old town now?
And we're facing
north
east,
east
sunrise?
Okay.
So
this is
east,
north
east.
We, we have sun in the morning only.
Yeah,
we have.
So it does mean
that the three piece room which is in the opposite of the north east
is the more sunny one. This
one,
let's say that
three
-- people. It's
-- the one you have now you both.
-- Well, there's a quite
-- a lot
of
the
sunset and
no,
and it's really
warm
and
you get lots of sun during summer. Yeah.
Um by the way, is it 1/6 floor building or is there more?
-- Yeah, we're the top
-- floor. Okay.
So it's warm.
Uh The building design is pretty much the same as the one we have.
Now we're just getting more space this way because we couldn't
move in the other building because it was occupied by the other departments.
Ok, good. So,
so how many
rooms
and how many
-- places do we
-- have? So we have reserved now to
-- why don't I
-- change it on here as well?
So that's
Gisela
plus one
place
but really
the last place to be used.
Plus fax.
Yeah.
Mmhm.
And then this is
the waiting room.
Ok.
Oops.
Um
so that leaves us with what
14 places
which is
14 people.
No, for
14 because
Giselle's already
got a room.
So we a re Good.
Bless you. Excuse me?
Ok.
Um,
so, so I'm going to take
Gisela off of
that list
as well. I'll put her in gray, I guess.
Can we group people by their name?
So it's gonna be Marianne's.
Is, is any,
is there anybody who's not happy with the current situation so we could try to just
keep the sa me
arrangement just on the new building? Yeah, that's,
that's,
that can be a good idea. But do do we
can we do that?
Because there is
no, we
can't because
we can't,
we have one extra, one person office and,
and 2323 person offices. Yeah.
Plus we have the two people who
aren't there now.
Yeah.
No, we have to put it somewhere.
You can keep some of the people together, that a re
together now but
not everyone. Definitely.
OK.
So let's start then top to bottom Maggie.
Well,
-- why
-- don't we take a break and go off and think about it
and then
once we have more concrete ideas,
okay,
we can come back and finish it cause if we just sit here and discuss
it's gonna take a long time and we're gonna start arguing and get cranky and
OK,
so let's have a break. Save your fag.
You have XB.
That's nice.
Mm
OK.
So how long it's gonna?
Mhm.